ITIL trenažér
=============

Diplomová práce vytvořená na Fakultě informačních technologií Vysokého učení 
technického v Brně (2013). Projekt je implementací informačního systému pro 
podporu studia a procvičování vybraných postupů dle Information Technology 
Infrastructure Library (ITIL) se zaměřením na návrh a provoz služeb (service 
design and operation). V podobě webové aplikace představuje netradiční přístup 
k řešení výukového software s využitím rozšíření standardní výukové části o 
herní prvky a interaktivní scénáře. Vytvořený systém umožňuje uživatelům 
deﬁnovat služby a úkoly, jako jsou incidenty a problémy vzniklé jejich 
provozem, a hodnotit reakce odpovědných uživatelů. Aplikaci mohou využít IT 
správci nebo vedoucí Service Desku pro zaškolování nových techniků nebo 
obsluhy Service Desku.


ITIL simulator
==============

Master‘s thesis developed on Faculty of Information Technology Brno University 
of Technology (2013). The project is an implementation of an information 
system for supporting studying and practicing of selected methods described by 
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) with focus on service 
design and service operation. In the form of a web application the thesis 
presents an uncommon approach to e-learning system development by extending 
the standard lecture part by game elements and interactive scenarios. 
Developed system allows creators to deﬁne services and tasks, such as 
incidents and problems caused by their operation, and evaluate reactions of 
responsible users. The application can be used by IT administrators or Service 
Desk managers to train new IT engineers or Service Desk operators.

Author
======

Petr Dvořák, http://petr-dvorak.cz

Uses Nette Framework, Doctrine and some other cool libraries.